“I have an intelligence of six. I know what I’m doing.”
“Never attack the bedding before you know the thread count.”
“In fact, we’ll be keeping your weapons, your armor, and, I believe, your pride.”
“I’m killing someone. Hold, please.”
“In the darkness, I say, ‘F***.’”
“I just hold her really tight. And I sniff her hair… and it smells like strawberries. And then I dimension door us to the boat.”
“Screw you, I want my final words with you to be indignant and irritated.”
“He smells like sandalwood, and dismissiveness.”
“Don’t you fly away from me, mother****er.”
“Us dwarves are known for our d***s that are sensitive to rat bites.”
“Dagger’s so sharp it could cut the sexual tension.”
“Hello! What a lovely dinner we had- LIGHTNING!”
“I go into a cow rage and start chewing faster.”
“Hello, I’d like to share the news of our lord and savior, my axe in your face!”
“It’s a pristine piece of s**t.”
“You’ve defeated beholders, slaughtered illithids in the Underdark, deep in the belly of the planet, but this DOOR bests you.”
“You are, at the moment, the luckiest person in Whitestone. Do you know why? Because you’re at the bottom of my list.”
“Which one of my ancestors did you just shame to death?”
“If only I had taken a dump in the middle of town, I could see what’s going on right now.”
“I mean, she gave us a lot to sphinx about.” Scanlan Shorthalt, Episode 43
“Secret weapon, I sleep near Percy a lot. He rhymes in his sleep, it’s the strangest thing.”
“It’s all sh***y, so it just depends on how you look at it. You can dwell on the s**t, or you can just leave it behind in people’s beds and keep going.”
“A volcano is nature’s candle!”
“Oh, I do hope you have a necromancer in your group… ‘cause I’m looking at a f***** dead man.”
“At dawn, we plan.”
“I’m sorry, who’s talking, who is this?” - “It’s the voice of reason, coming from downstairs.”
“I would like to fist the wound.”
“Only in the house of lady favors do I let my beans hang out when I sleep.”
“I’d like to live long enough to be someone else.”
“You killed the wind!”
“What’s the first letter of the alphabet?” - “F*****n’ A.”
“Is there a weak point?” - “Our plan.”
“You act as though the laws of the anthill affect the boot that crushes it.”
“What’s the best thing you’ve got? That’s, you know, within reason.”
“You can’t walk off in the middle of a game of hide-and-seek again. I’ve been in a barrel for an hour! I fell asleep in there!”
“I give him a cotton candy kiss on his forehead.”
“Vacations are my favored terrain.”
“There actually is a curse on our family. It’s called diabeetus.”
“We’re gods. It’s fine.”
“I guess I’ll punch a baby.”
“Is that a natural thing for you guys to just attack each other in moments of stress?”
“I’m the cleric?! I’ve never traveled with a bunch of people I thought would die in front of me!”
“Well, my social anxiety is getting the best of me. I’m taking a walk. Goodbye.”
“I don’t normally speak with the dead on a first date, but we’ll think about it.”
“What if we kill all of Pumat Sol and come back and rob this place.”
“I’m always ready to make a damn fool of myself.”
“It’s a collection of crazy tales about this weird fella.”
“I mean, I don’t want to impose… But I’m bleeding profusely.”
“What happens if you have a childhood, but it’s like barely a childhood ‘cause it was supposed to be someone else’s childhood, but it was you instead? Is that a childhood?”
“One thing that I have realized today is that I need to work on my interpersonal skills and friendship making. So try not to cut up my face, okay?”
“I’m trying to be nice. This is as painful for me as it is for you. Just give me five seconds.”
“That sounds like someone whose ass I would like to kick.”
"Sometimes the things that are the most beautiful are the things that can hurt you the worst."
“Sleep well with your bad decisions.”
“Sometimes boys like it if you are a little bit aloof, a little bit cold to them afterwards, like maybe they did something wrong, and they don’t even know what it was.”
“Alright, let’s treat this situation with all the seriousness it demands.”
“I’m really really nice, but I don’t always make the best decisions…”
"I have so many flowers to bring her."
“What, you don’t want a unicorn pooping on his face?”
“Yes. It’s a chair. It’s a standard chair.”
“Why is just my dick purple?”
“I am of the Empire. But I am no friend to the Empire.”
“It’s a regular fucking turtle.”
“Don’t let the irons be your strength.”
“You pick and choose your fights. Me? Best not give in to a man I can crush with one hand.”
“Man you made vulnerability look so easy.”
“Well I’ve always learned that the best way to deal with your problems is to run away from them.”
“I guess in a way I’m an orphan maker too.”
“I’m sorry. I was trying to do the thing. Like, I killed my family, I’ll throw you under a bridge.”
“The rule is that evil dies.”
“Fucking seaweed wraps are the shit!”
“Oh shit, are we a cult?”
“Hey everybody, don’t mean to intrude. Obviously, there’s a lot going on here, but we’re going to be sort of walking around for probably the next couple days and there’s some other people wandering through the swamp forest right now that are… they’re bad business. They’re probably going to do a lot of damage, possibly a fire, who knows? But we’re trying to take care of that. If there’s any ruins around, if you’ve seen any like tall man-made structures slowly collapsing anywhere around here, we’d really appreciate a helping hand and we’ll try our best to stay out of everybody’s way. Especially if there’s any birds, hey up there. If you’ve seen anything, we’d love to just get in and out with as little hassle as possible. Thanks, that’d be great.”
“You know the concept of gravity was first discovered by a Xhorhasian wizard known as Iz-aak Newton.”
"I pick and choose my apologies."
“I smell like a crayon.”
“Captain, we’re being followed by a tiny island.”
